[docs] Adds mkdocs documentation framework (#3)
canonical/charmed-magma: docs/how-to/deploy_charmed_magma_orchestrator.md

# Deploy Charmed Magma Orchestrator

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: Maybe we should specify that the juju controller needs to be bootstrapped with `Load-Balancer` IPs or otherwise exposed to the outside world, otherwise it will not be possible to create the relation to AGW later.

Author: Fixed

> The Access Gateway must be installed on a Kubernetes cluster with the following specifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orchestrator must be installed on a Kubernetes cluster with the following specifications:
```

Author: Fixed

> - **:material-kubernetes: Kubernetes**: A cluster with a minimum of 3 Nodes with 2 vCPUs and 8 GB of RAM each.

Reviewer: I would probably not say a minimum of 3 nodes, unless we specify requirements for production. It runs perfectly fine on a single node microk8s for testing, development, etc.

Author: Fixed

## Deploy the magma-orc8r bundle

From your Ubuntu machine, create an `overlay.yaml` file that contains the following content:

```yaml
applications:
  orc8r-certifier:
    options:
      domain: <your domain name>
  orc8r-nginx:
    options:
      domain: <your domain name>
  tls-certificates-operator:
    options:
      generate-self-signed-certificates: true
      ca-common-name: rootca.<your domain name>
```

!!! warning

>     This configuration is unsecure because it uses self-signed certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This configuration is insecure because it uses self-signed certificates.
```

Author: I believe unsecure is correct, according to google/oxford: `(especially of a computer system) not protected against attack or other criminal activity.`

Reviewer: Oxford dictionnary does not find it for me: https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/us/spellcheck/english/?q=unsecure

It has `unsecured` however. Really curious where you find it, as I am unable to find it myself. This might be differences between US and UK English maybe?

Author: Keeping as is following our discussion

Author: Keeping as is following our discussion
